Add Download page to Using section (#590)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-docs: docs/using/downloading.md

you have the option to launch direct downloads of individual items in the list, or you can choose to remove 
individual items from the queue. 

To download all of the products listed in the Download Queue, click the **Data Download** button at the bottom of 
the queue window and choose from the available options. 

The most robust approach for downloading very long lists of products is the 
**Download Python Script** option. This downloads a python script that you can launch on your computer. 

- You will be prompted for your Earthdata Login credentials, then the script will work through the list of 
  download URLs, downloading them one by one until all of the items have been downloaded. 
- If the script is interrupted during the download, you can simply re-run the same script; it will recognize 
  any products that have already been successfully downloaded and continue with the remaining items. 
- To use this option, you must have a Python installation available on your computer. 

Chrome users may find the **Download All** option useful. This option takes advantage of the multi-threading  

> capability in Chrome to download several items at a time.

Author: addressed in [this commit](https://github.com/ASFHyP3/hyp3-docs/pull/590/commits/523ebea1da66efad9f905bf25a27640cbe151bef)

You can also click the option to **Copy URLs**, which you can then paste into your own download script, 
if you'd prefer. 

## Programmatic Access

The [HyP3 API](#accessing-products-using-the-hyp3-api) and the 
[HyP3 Python SDK](#accessing-products-using-the-hyp3-python-sdk) provide programmatic access to On Demand products. 

> To look up your On Demand jobs, you will need to have a valid Earthdata Login (asf-urs) session cookie, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To look up your On Demand jobs with the HyP3 API, you will need to have a valid Earthdata Login (asf-urs) session cookie, 
```

Author: addressed in [this commit](https://github.com/ASFHyP3/hyp3-docs/pull/590/commits/e48ef007e898cb0d0eead62732faba79c9ce3ff7)

            "key": "6f917fec-9c2f-42fb-a55c-3c4fe2e0520b/S1A_IW_20250420T135654_DVP_RTC30_G_gpuned_7959.zip"
          },
          "filename": "S1A_IW_20250420T135654_DVP_RTC30_G_gpuned_7959.zip",
          "size": 656581903,
          "url": "https://d3gm2hf49xd6jj.cloudfront.net/6f917fec-9c2f-42fb-a55c-3c4fe2e0520b/S1A_IW_20250420T135654_DVP_RTC30_G_gpuned_7959.zip"
        }
      ],
      "expiration_time": "2025-06-25T00:00:00+00:00",
      "job_type": "RTC_GAMMA"
    },
   ],
}   
```

The download URL for the full product package is provided near the end of the response for each job in the `jobs` 
array of the response JSON. The value is paired with the `url` key in the `files` array. 

You can copy and paste each product URL directly into a browser window, or script a workflow to pull all the 
product URLs from the response JSON into a bulk download function. It may be more convenient to use the 
[HyP3 Python SDK](#accessing-products-using-the-hyp3-python-sdk) to script bulk download functionality.
<!--[TODO: add any relevant info or tips for programmatic approaches to working with the API]-->

### Accessing Products using the HyP3 Python SDK

> The [HyP3 Python SDK](../using/sdk.md) is a Python wrapper around the HyP3 API, and provides convenient search 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [HyP3 Python SDK](../using/sdk.md) is a wrapper around the HyP3 API, and provides convenient search 
```

can be quite long, and some users (particularly those using a Windows operating system) will need to make 
accommodations in order to successfully extract the contents.

### Extracting Product Packages

When extracting the contents of a HyP3-generated zip file, you may need to specify a destination directory to prevent 
the extraction of the internal directory to a directory named with the full zip file name. For many of the products, 
this combination of directories would result in paths that are longer than can be used with Windows operating systems. 

### Downloading Individual Products

Downloading the full zip file ensures that you have all of the data products as well as auxiliary files and 
relevant metadata, but some users may not require all of the files included in the product zip archive. 

The contents of the zip files can all be accessed directly. Simply replace the `.zip` at the end of the download URL 
with the tag for the specific file you want to download. 

For example, for the following download URL for an RTC On Demand product: 
`https://d3gm2hf49xd6jj.cloudfront.net/76b1a849-c826-428a-966c-55f8bb88f814/S1A_IW_20250502T135654_DVP_RTC30_G_gpuned_70DD.zip`

> simply replace the .zip with the product extension, such as the following for the RTC GeoTIFF in VV polarization: 

Reviewer: I think making clear that `.zip` -> `_VV.tif` is helpful. Otherwise the `_VV.tif` kinda get's lost in the URL.
```suggestion
Replace the `.zip` with the product extension `_VV.tif`. This is the product extension for the RTC GeoTIFF in VV polarization: 
```

Author: addressed in [this commit](https://github.com/ASFHyP3/hyp3-docs/pull/590/commits/d4045b4ac3e3d1b8fe284f9924df6e94d2dd7ab3)

        "include_scattering_area": false
      },
      "files": [
        {
          "s3": {
            "bucket": "hyp3-edc-prod-contentbucket-1fv14ed36ifj6",
            "key": "6f917fec-9c2f-42fb-a55c-3c4fe2e0520b/S1A_IW_20250420T135654_DVP_RTC30_G_gpuned_7959.zip"
          },
          "filename": "S1A_IW_20250420T135654_DVP_RTC30_G_gpuned_7959.zip",
          "size": 656581903,
          "url": "https://d3gm2hf49xd6jj.cloudfront.net/6f917fec-9c2f-42fb-a55c-3c4fe2e0520b/S1A_IW_20250420T135654_DVP_RTC30_G_gpuned_7959.zip"
        }
      ],
      "expiration_time": "2025-06-25T00:00:00+00:00",
      "job_type": "RTC_GAMMA"
    },
   ],
}   
```

The download URL for the full product package is provided near the end of the response for each job in the `jobs` 
array of the response JSON. The value is paired with the `url` key in the `files` array. 

You can copy and paste each product URL directly into a browser window, or script a workflow to pull all the 
product URLs from the response JSON into a bulk download function. It may be more convenient to use the 
[HyP3 Python SDK](#accessing-products-using-the-hyp3-python-sdk) to script bulk download functionality.

> <!--[TODO: add any relevant info or tips for programmatic approaches to working with the API]-->

Reviewer: I think this is good
